DOC-1317 - RS: CLI Utitilites Reorg rladmin help and rladmin info commands (#1887)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/references/cli-utilities/rladmin/info.md

---
Title: rladmin info
linkTitle: info

> description: Lists configurable settings for specified databases, proxies, clusters, or nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Shows the current configuration of a cluster, database, node, or proxy.
```

weight: $weight
alwaysopen: false
toc: "true"
headerRange: "[1-2]"
categories: ["RS"]
aliases:
---

> `rladmin info` lists configurable settings for specified databases, proxies, clusters, or nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rladmin info` shows the current configuration of specified databases, proxies, clusters, or nodes.
```

## `info db`

`rladmin info db` lists configurable settings for all databases.

`rladmin info db <db:id | name>` lists configurable settings for the specified database.

### Parameters

| Parameter | Description |
|-----------|-------------|

> | db:id     | database id of the specified database |
> | name      | database name of the specified database |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| db:id     | ID of the specified database (optional) |
| name      | Name of the specified database (optional) |
```

    proxy_client_buffer_limits: 0KB (hard limit)/0KB (soft limit) in 0 seconds
    proxy_slave_buffer_limits: 1GB (hard limit)/512MB (soft limit) in 60 seconds
    proxy_pubsub_buffer_limits: 32MB (hard limit)/8MB (soft limit) in 60 seconds
    repl_backlog: 1.02MB (1073741 bytes)
    repl_timeout: 360 seconds
    repl_diskless: default
    master_persistence: disabled
    maxclients: 10000
    conns: 5
    conns_type: per-thread
    sched_policy: cmp
    max_aof_file_size: 300GB
    max_aof_load_time: 3600 seconds
    dedicated_replicaof_threads: 5
    max_client_pipeline: 200
    max_shard_pipeline: 2000
    max_connections: 0
    oss_cluster: disabled
    oss_cluster_api_preferred_ip_type: internal
    gradual_src_mode: disabled
    gradual_src_max_sources: 1
    gradual_sync_mode: auto
    gradual_sync_max_shards_per_source: 1
    slave_ha: disabled (database)
    mkms: enabled
    oss_sharding: disabled
    mtls_allow_weak_hashing: disabled
    mtls_allow_outdated_certs: disabled
    data_internode_encryption: disabled
    proxy_policy: single
    db_conns_auditing: disabled
```

## `info proxy`

`rladmin info proxy` lists configurable settings for the proxy.

> 

Reviewer: Missing `rladmin info proxy { <id> | all }` syntax and the parameters table.

Author: Fixed in [1f2429e](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redislabs-docs/pull/1887/commits/1f2429ea1f5084c471bd704a33f206640e2813ec)

    redis_migrate_node_threshold: 0KB (0 bytes)
    redis_migrate_node_threshold_percent: 4 (%)
    redis_provision_node_threshold: 0KB (0 bytes)
    redis_provision_node_threshold_percent: 12 (%)
    max_simultaneous_backups: 4
    slave_ha: enabled
    slave_ha_grace_period: 600
    slave_ha_cooldown_period: 3600
    slave_ha_bdb_cooldown_period: 7200
    parallel_shards_upgrade: 0
    show_internals: disabled
    expose_hostnames_for_all_suffixes: disabled
    login_lockout_threshold: 5
    login_lockout_duration: 1800
    login_lockout_counter_reset_after: 900
    default_concurrent_restore_actions: 10
    endpoint_rebind_propagation_grace_time: 15
    data_internode_encryption: disabled
    redis_upgrade_policy: major
    db_conns_auditing: disabled
    watchdog profile: local-network
    http support: enabled
    upgrade mode: disabled
    cm_session_timeout_minutes: 15
    cm_port: 8443
    cnm_http_port: 8080
    cnm_https_port: 9443
```

## `info node`

`rladmin info node` lists configurable settings for all nodes.

`rladmin info node <id>` lists configurable settings for a single node.

### Parameters

| Parameter | Description |
|-----------|-------------|

> | id     | node id of the specified node |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id     | ID of the specified node |
```

    sched_policy: cmp
    max_aof_file_size: 300GB
    max_aof_load_time: 3600 seconds
    dedicated_replicaof_threads: 5
    max_client_pipeline: 200
    max_shard_pipeline: 2000
    max_connections: 0
    oss_cluster: disabled
    oss_cluster_api_preferred_ip_type: internal
    gradual_src_mode: disabled
    gradual_src_max_sources: 1
    gradual_sync_mode: auto
    gradual_sync_max_shards_per_source: 1
    slave_ha: disabled (database)
    mkms: enabled
    oss_sharding: disabled
    mtls_allow_weak_hashing: disabled
    mtls_allow_outdated_certs: disabled
    data_internode_encryption: disabled
    proxy_policy: single
    db_conns_auditing: disabled
```

## `info proxy`

`rladmin info proxy` lists configurable settings for the proxy.

```sh
rladmin info proxy
```

### Parameters

None.

### Returns

Returns a list of configurable settings for the proxy.

### Example

``` sh
$ rladmin info proxy
proxy:1
    mode: dynamic
    scale_threshold: 80 (%)
    scale_duration: 30 (seconds)
    max_threads: 8
    threads: 3
```

## `info cluster`

`rladmin info cluster` lists configurable settings for the cluster.

```sh
rladmin info cluster
```

### Parameters

> None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None
```

    default_provisioned_redis_version: 6.0
    redis_migrate_node_threshold: 0KB (0 bytes)
    redis_migrate_node_threshold_percent: 4 (%)
    redis_provision_node_threshold: 0KB (0 bytes)
    redis_provision_node_threshold_percent: 12 (%)
    max_simultaneous_backups: 4
    slave_ha: enabled
    slave_ha_grace_period: 600
    slave_ha_cooldown_period: 3600
    slave_ha_bdb_cooldown_period: 7200
    parallel_shards_upgrade: 0
    show_internals: disabled
    expose_hostnames_for_all_suffixes: disabled
    login_lockout_threshold: 5
    login_lockout_duration: 1800
    login_lockout_counter_reset_after: 900
    default_concurrent_restore_actions: 10
    endpoint_rebind_propagation_grace_time: 15
    data_internode_encryption: disabled
    redis_upgrade_policy: major
    db_conns_auditing: disabled
    watchdog profile: local-network
    http support: enabled
    upgrade mode: disabled
    cm_session_timeout_minutes: 15
    cm_port: 8443
    cnm_http_port: 8080
    cnm_https_port: 9443
```

## `info node`

`rladmin info node` lists configurable settings for all nodes.

```sh
rladmin info db [ <id> ]
```

### Parameters

| Parameter | Description |
|-----------|-------------|

> | id     | node id of the specified node |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  id  | ID of the specified node  |
```

Author: Fixed in [217ff69](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redislabs-docs/pull/1887/commits/217ff6923523a42662d82993b676c3c72d98cb9c)

    default_shards_placement: dense
    default_fork_evict_ram: enabled
    default_provisioned_redis_version: 6.0
    redis_migrate_node_threshold: 0KB (0 bytes)
    redis_migrate_node_threshold_percent: 4 (%)
    redis_provision_node_threshold: 0KB (0 bytes)
    redis_provision_node_threshold_percent: 12 (%)
    max_simultaneous_backups: 4
    slave_ha: enabled
    slave_ha_grace_period: 600
    slave_ha_cooldown_period: 3600
    slave_ha_bdb_cooldown_period: 7200
    parallel_shards_upgrade: 0
    show_internals: disabled
    expose_hostnames_for_all_suffixes: disabled
    login_lockout_threshold: 5
    login_lockout_duration: 1800
    login_lockout_counter_reset_after: 900
    default_concurrent_restore_actions: 10
    endpoint_rebind_propagation_grace_time: 15
    data_internode_encryption: disabled
    redis_upgrade_policy: major
    db_conns_auditing: disabled
    watchdog profile: local-network
    http support: enabled
    upgrade mode: disabled
    cm_session_timeout_minutes: 15
    cm_port: 8443
    cnm_http_port: 8080
    cnm_https_port: 9443
```

## `info node`

`rladmin info node` lists the current configuration for all nodes.

```sh

> rladmin info db [ <id> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rladmin info node [ <id> ]
```
